# Breadcrumbs

Breadcrumbs help users visualize their current location in relation to the rest of the website or application by showing the hierarchy of pages.

## Try it out

Interact with a [live demo of the @NAME@ component with code examples](https://aui-cdn.atlassian.com/atlaskit/stories/@NAME@/@VERSION@/).

## Installation

```sh
npm install @NAME@
```

## Using the component

### React

This is a standard React component.

```js
import AkBreadcrumbs, { AkBreadcrumbsItem } from '@NAME@';

ReactDOM.render(
  <AkBreadcrumbs>
    <AkBreadcrumbsItem href="/home" text="Home" />
    <AkBreadcrumbsItem href="/home/item" text="Item" />
  </AkBreadcrumbs>,
  container
);
```







[//]: # (EVERYTHING BELOW THIS COMMENT WAS GENERATED BY JSDOC AND NEEDS TO BE MOVED INTO A STORYBOOK)
[//]: # (DO NOT CHANGE THIS FILE HERE - CREATE THE STORYBOOK!)









## Classes

<dl>
<dt><a href="#Breadcrumbs">Breadcrumbs</a></dt>
<dd></dd>
<dt><a href="#BreadcrumbsItem">BreadcrumbsItem</a></dt>
<dd></dd>
</dl>

<a name="Breadcrumbs"></a>

## Breadcrumbs
**Kind**: global class
* Properties

    *  [breadcrumbs.isExpanded](#Breadcrumbs+isExpanded) : <code>boolean</code>
    *  [breadcrumbs.maxItems](#Breadcrumbs+maxItems) : <code>number</code>
    *  [breadcrumbs.onExpand](#Breadcrumbs+onExpand) : <code>function</code>
    *  [breadcrumbs.children](#Breadcrumbs+children) : <code>node</code> &#124; <code>Array.&lt;node&gt;</code>

<a name="new_Breadcrumbs_new"></a>

### new Breadcrumbs()
Breadcrumbs React component.

The Breadcrumbs component will render a list of slash-separated breadcrumb items, and will
automatically truncate the list if there are more than 8 items.

**JS Example**
```js
import Breadcrumbs from 'ak-breadcrumbs';
ReactDOM.render(<Breadcrumbs />);
```
<a name="Breadcrumbs+isExpanded"></a>

### breadcrumbs.isExpanded : <code>boolean</code>
Whether the breadcrumbs should be expanded when there are 9 or more items.

If this is true, the breadcrumbs will not collapse and show an ellipsis item.

**Kind**: instance property of <code>[Breadcrumbs](#Breadcrumbs)</code>
**Default**: <code>false</code>
<a name="Breadcrumbs+maxItems"></a>

### breadcrumbs.maxItems : <code>number</code>
The maximum number of items to display before automatically collapsing the
list of breadcrumbs.

**Kind**: instance property of <code>[Breadcrumbs](#Breadcrumbs)</code>
**Default**: <code>8</code>
<a name="Breadcrumbs+onExpand"></a>

### breadcrumbs.onExpand : <code>function</code>
Callback that is called when the ellipsis expander item is selected.

**Kind**: instance property of <code>[Breadcrumbs](#Breadcrumbs)</code>
**Required**:
<a name="Breadcrumbs+children"></a>

### breadcrumbs.children : <code>node</code> &#124; <code>Array.&lt;node&gt;</code>
The items to display.

If there are more than the number of items specified by `maxItems`, the list will
automatically be truncated to display only the first and last items. Clicking the ellipsis
separator item will display all the items.

**Kind**: instance property of <code>[Breadcrumbs](#Breadcrumbs)</code>
<a name="BreadcrumbsItem"></a>

## BreadcrumbsItem
**Kind**: global class
* Properties

    *  [breadcrumbsItem.href](#BreadcrumbsItem+href) : <code>string</code>
    *  [breadcrumbsItem.text](#BreadcrumbsItem+text) : <code>string</code>
    *  [breadcrumbsItem.target](#BreadcrumbsItem+target) : <code>'_blank', '_parent', '_self', '_top'</code>
    *  [BreadcrumbsItem.iconBefore](#BreadcrumbsItem.iconBefore) : <code>element</code>
    *  [BreadcrumbsItem.iconAfter](#BreadcrumbsItem.iconAfter) : <code>element</code>

<a name="new_BreadcrumbsItem_new"></a>

### new BreadcrumbsItem()
BreadcrumbsItem React component.

**JS Example**
```js
import { AkBreadcrumbsItem } from 'ak-breadcrumbs';
ReactDOM.render(<AkBreadcrumbsItem href="/item">Item</AkBreadcrumbsItem);
```
<a name="BreadcrumbsItem+href"></a>

### breadcrumbsItem.href : <code>string</code>
The target URL.

**Kind**: instance property of <code>[BreadcrumbsItem](#BreadcrumbsItem)</code>
<a name="BreadcrumbsItem+text"></a>

### breadcrumbsItem.text : <code>string</code>
The text content of the item.

**Kind**: instance property of <code>[BreadcrumbsItem](#BreadcrumbsItem)</code>
<a name="BreadcrumbsItem+target"></a>

### breadcrumbsItem.target : <code>'_blank', '_parent', '_self', '_top'</code>
The target attribute of the item.

**Kind**: instance property of <code>[BreadcrumbsItem](#BreadcrumbsItem)</code>
<a name="BreadcrumbsItem.iconBefore"></a>

### BreadcrumbsItem.iconBefore : <code>element</code>
The icon to display before the item content.
Icons specified in this way will always be displayed, even when the content is truncated.

**Kind**: static property of <code>[BreadcrumbsItem](#BreadcrumbsItem)</code>
<a name="BreadcrumbsItem.iconAfter"></a>

### BreadcrumbsItem.iconAfter : <code>element</code>
The icon to display after the item content.
Icons specified in this way will always be displayed, even when the content is truncated.

**Kind**: static property of <code>[BreadcrumbsItem](#BreadcrumbsItem)</code>